---
layout: about
category: about
permalink: /about/
Researchname: get-started
desc: 「get-started」
author: Bin4xin
rederictlink: /about/get-started/
---

<!-- 代码引用申明/code reference declaration:
author-avatar capture from github. visit https://github.com/Bin4xin/bin4xin.github.io/blob/main/_config.yml#L34
source code from:
- {@link https://xuexi.erealmsoft.com/2014/11/17/others/jekyll-in-github/#5-%E4%BD%9C%E8%80%85%E5%90%8D%E5%8F%8A%E5%A4%B4%E5%83%8F%E5%8A%A0%E8%BD%BD}
-->

## Using Git

To use Git on the command line, you will need to download, install, and configure Git on your computer. You can also install to use  from the command line. For more information, see "[About](/github-cli/github-cli/about-github-cli)."

If you want to work with Git locally, but do not want to use the command line, you can instead download and install the client.  For more information, see "[Installing and configuring ](/desktop/installing-and-configuring-github-desktop/)."

If you do not need to work with files locally, lets you complete many Git-related actions directly in the browser, including:

- [Creating a repository](/articles/create-a-repo)
- [Forking a repository](/articles/fork-a-repo)
- [Managing files](/repositories/working-with-files/managing-files)
- [Being social](/articles/be-social)

## Setting up Git

1. [Download and install the latest version of Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads).


   **Note**: If you are using a Chrome OS device, additional set up is required:

    1. Install a terminal emulator such as Termux from the Google Play Store on your Chrome OS device.
    1. From the terminal emulator that you installed, install Git. For example, in Termux, enter `apt install git` and then type `y` when prompted.


1. [Set your username in Git](/github/getting-started-with-github/setting-your-username-in-git).
1. [Set your commit email address in Git](/articles/setting-your-commit-email-address).

## Authenticating with from Git

When you connect to a repository from Git, you will need to authenticate with  using either HTTPS or SSH.


**Note:** You can authenticate to using , for either HTTP or SSH. For more information, see [`gh auth login`](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_auth_login).

### Connecting over HTTPS (recommended)

If you clone with HTTPS, you can cache your  credentials in Git using a credential helper. For more information, see "[Cloning with HTTPS urls](/github/getting-started-with-github/about-remote-repositories/#cloning-with-https-urls)" and "[Caching your credentials in Git](/github/getting-started-with-github/caching-your-github-credentials-in-git)."

### Connecting over SSH

If you clone with SSH, you must generate SSH keys on each computer you use to push or pull from . For more information, see "[Cloning with SSH urls](/github/getting-started-with-github/about-remote-repositories/#cloning-with-ssh-urls)" and "[Generating a new SSH key](/articles/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent)."

## Next steps

You now have Git and all set up. You may now choose to create a repository where you can put your projects. Saving your code in a repository allows you to back up your code and share it around the world. 